." Manpage for chrome-i18.
.TH chrome-i18n 1 "22 May 2013" "1.0.2"
.SH NAME
chrome-i18n - Chrome/Chromium i18n database builder

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B chrome-i18n
[
.B --help
] [
.B --file
.R <project-dictionary> ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
Chrome-i18n is a command line tool for your Chrome/Chromium apps and extensions.
It aims to help you in easily build a complete database of locales starting from
some project files.

Internationalization (i18n) files in Chrome/Chromium are JSON files composed by an
object with tenths or hundreds (sometimes thousands) keys which describe how
a string has to be translated in a particular language.

People usually code these gigantic files by hand, one for each language they want
to give support. Each language with its own directory and definition file. Same
structure, same keys, same rules, but the translated message.

It's a lot of useless redundancy to manage by hand. This sucks and the goal is
to make it easier to manage.

Further informations can be found at
.B https://github.com/Ragnarokkr/chrome-i18n

.SH OPTIONS
.TP 5
-h, --help
Prints the synopsis and a list of the supported commands.
.TP
-v, --version
Prints the current version number.
.TP
-f, --file
Specifies the JSON file to load to retrieve the project informations. If omitted,
it will be set to
.B dictionary.json

.SH FILES
Chrome-i18n supports three kind of project formats:
.B monolith,
.B language,
and
.B category.

In
.B monolith
mode it's required only a single JSON file which defines both `meta` and
`database` descriptors.

In
.B language
and
.B category
modes, the required files are at least two. The meta descriptor file which
configures the project, and a set of data files which describes the various
translations, grouped by language or category.

Please, refer to
.B https://github.com/Ragnarokkr/chrome-i18n/tree/master/doc
for further informations.

.SH NOTES
All the project files
.B MUST BE
in a valid and well-formed JSON format. It means that they cannot to contain any
kind of variation (such as non-standard JSON2 comments) or will be invalid.

.SH BUGS
Currently no bugs are known.

Please, report bugs at
.B https://github.com/Ragnarokkr/chrome-i18n/issues

.SH AUTHOR
Marco Trulla (marco@marcotrulla.it)
